# L1
###### Mercari Engineering Career Ladder

 * [Seek Continuous Improvement](#seek-continuous-improvement)
 * [Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early](#go-bold-fail-fast--learn-early)
 * [Take Action & Responsibility](#take-action--responsibility)
 * [Focus on the Customer](#focus-on-the-customer)
 * [Strive for Alignment](#strive-for-alignment)
 * [Foster Trust & Inclusion](#foster-trust--inclusion)
 * [Deliver with High Quality](#deliver-with-high-quality)
 * [Share to Empower](#share-to-empower)
 * [Be Strategic & Efficient](#be-strategic--efficient)

## Seek Continuous Improvement
Listens to suggestions from others and incorporates them into their everyday practices.

Learns new things relevant to their role, including, but not limited to, programming languages, frameworks, testing, debugging, writing readable code, communication skills, project management skills and product development skills.


## Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early
Understands that there are always multiple solutions for a given problem.

Asks for clarification when dealing with uncertainty.

Has a basic understanding of Scrum and how to create proofs of concept (POC) when designing new features.


## Take Action & Responsibility
Understands that they must take responsibility for their actions.

Understands the importance of security.

Understands the status of each service using monitoring and observability tools.

Reports on the progress of their work daily, and accurately.

Tries to understand the reason why a bug occurs and also reads and understands post-mortem reports.


## Focus on the Customer
Understands the basic usage of the product and understands how tasks given to them have an effect on customers.

Knows how to write code which collects business data, such as logging data and A/B tests.

Understands code that contains business logic with support from other engineers.


## Strive for Alignment
Explains their ideas and opinions to other engineers clearly and respectfully.

Handles disagreements with proper consideration and respect towards those involved; is open to changing their mind.

Understands the team's goals, the company's values, and the engineering principles.


## Foster Trust & Inclusion
Understands that praise and feedback are useful when delivered in a kind manner.

Uses the feedback they receive as a tool for growth.

Listens to others and makes their best effort to understand them, in order to build strong relationships with their teammates and manager.


## Deliver with High Quality
Has awareness of the service architecture and can design basic functions, avoiding unnecessary duplication and interface-breaking changes.

Knows the basics of the programming languages, frameworks, and libraries of their platform.

Writes testable and readable code, following their team’s guidelines while paying attention to the organization of the code, testability, readability, edge cases, and errors.

Understands other members’ code reviews and can follow release procedures with some guidance.


## Share to Empower
Documents and shares their code and API specifications; shares their knowledge with their teammates.

Seeks out mentorship to grow.

Communicates their interests and career goals so that others can provide them with opportunities for growth.

Understands the importance of sharing post-mortem information after an incident.


## Be Strategic & Efficient
Develops their productivity skills by learning source control, editors, the build system, best practices for testing, and other tools.

Knows when and how to ask for help to eliminate blockers.

Completes small, well-defined engineering tasks within a reasonable amount of time.
