# L4
###### Mercari Engineering Career Ladder

 * [Seek Continuous Improvement](#seek-continuous-improvement)
 * [Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early](#go-bold-fail-fast--learn-early)
 * [Take Action & Responsibility](#take-action--responsibility)
 * [Focus on the Customer](#focus-on-the-customer)
 * [Strive for Alignment](#strive-for-alignment)
 * [Foster Trust & Inclusion](#foster-trust--inclusion)
 * [Deliver with High Quality](#deliver-with-high-quality)
 * [Share to Empower](#share-to-empower)
 * [Be Strategic & Efficient](#be-strategic--efficient)

## Seek Continuous Improvement
Investigates, discusses, and **frequently** thinks about ways to improve their team and other teams, **taking the lead to implement these improvements.**

Learns new things relevant to their role, including, but not limited to: **specialized domain skills, engineering architecture ability**, communication skills, project management skills, or product development skills.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Learns management skills, such as **inclusive** communication skills **for diverse teams**, how to set goals **according to each member's level**, how to conduct efficient 1on1s, and performance review frameworks. 

**Advises** members on creating **proper** personal growth OKRs and makes sure the team workload allows members to use some time for self-improvement (study groups, conferences, reading, etc).


## Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early
Thinks outside the box and is able to lead teams to **create innovative solutions that yield impact beyond the team.**

**Has empirical, first-hand knowledge, enabling decisions that can eliminate blockers to any uncertain situation.**

Delivers timely proofs of concept (POC) for features, **coordinating with different stakeholders beyond their team.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Knows their team members' capabilities and sets challenging goals for the team **to collaborate with other teams**.

Manages risks, challenges, and results to accelerate the teams' performance, **taking into account other teams' situations**.


## Take Action & Responsibility
Takes responsibility to assess risks associated with technical solutions, **cooperates with the relevant teams, and incorporates the solutions into the team's roadmap**. 

Considers both short-term and long-term solutions when fixing bugs.

**Fosters a mindset of security awareness on their team.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Handles, or dispatches, customer support requests; can be on call when necessary; **coordinate teams** through incident-handling procedures, and contributes to post-mortem reports.

Takes responsibility for technical incidents and is able to coordinate with stakeholders as a representative **across teams**.


## Focus on the Customer
**Uses overall business strategy to help make decisions and adjust the direction of their project.**

**Starts discussions in and outside of the team to create solutions which solve problems; decides the technical specifications and schedule of the MVP (Minimum Viable Product).**

Replies to customer inquiries; handles customer inquiries as the team's task when fixable.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Knows the impact work has on customers **across teams** and continuously communicates with PMs to align goals.

Explains thoroughly the impact their team has on users to new team members during onboarding.

Applies and shares the customer perspective **across teams**.


## Strive for Alignment
Explains their ideas and opinions to both engineers and other company members clearly and respectfully.

**Finds solutions which satisfy the concerns of stakeholders on different teams.**

**Achieves consensus among teams regarding organizational strategies.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Connects different members and projects throughout **the division**.

Mediates disagreements and finds an agreeable solution for each party.

Follows the division's goals and the engineering principles, helping move the team towards those goals.

Helps members to align each individual goal **across teams**.


## Foster Trust & Inclusion
Delivers praise and constructive feedback. 

Seeks feedback actively across teams; uses feedback as a tool for growth.

Facilitates discussions; encourages everyone, including quiet participants, into sharing their opinion; actively listens; ensures no one dominates the conversation.

Works to build strong relationships with members **proactively, beyond the team.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

**Creates an environment of psychological safety to encourage members to voice opinions**, ensuring failure analysis is focused on the process and not on individuals.

Values different opinions and diverse ideas, encouraging members **beyond the team** to take ownership of their work.


## Deliver with High Quality
Has knowledge of **all other teams’ domains** and is able to **quickly switch between domains if necessary** and work productively.

Has deep knowledge of the programming languages, frameworks, and libraries of their platform.

**Architects services and systems using well-accepted design patterns to allow for iterative, autonomous development and future scaling; is able to create new tools when appropriate.**

Writes testable and readable code consistently, keeping edge cases and errors in mind; **anticipates future use cases and makes design decisions that minimize the cost of future changes.**

**Is a role model for how to do code review**, solve complex issues, and unblock or recover from problematic releases.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Has a deep knowledge of quality management and is able to balance quality and delivery **across teams.**

Implements **cross-team** practices to continuously deliver business value while maintaining or increasing quality.


## Share to Empower
**Fosters a culture of quality documentation** within their team and shares documentation across teams.

Shares useful technical information inside or outside the company and **encourages others to do the same**.

Mentors their teammates and **members from other teams** in an open, respectful, flexible, and empathetic manner.

Shares post-mortem information after an incident and makes sure that everyone understands the impact and how to prevent the incident from reoccurring.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Creates and shares the team's OKRs with its members; **shares the division OKRs**  and provides the necessary support for members to create and achieve their own OKRs.

Delegates tasks appropriately, to promote skill growth, and coaches members in an open, respectful, flexible, and empathetic manner.

**Goes beyond the team** to improve onboarding for new members.


## Be Strategic & Efficient
**Sets guidelines** on when to reuse existing resources present in the codebase, team, or industry.

**Helps others to make steady progress on tasks and help eliminate any blockers.**

Knows when and how to spend time on tasks like performance optimizations and memory management.

Proposes solutions backed by data or well-known credible evidence; **seeks data-backed evidence through proofs of concept (POC), tests and external research**.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Makes decisions based on trade-offs between requirements, schedules, and technical approaches.

Prioritizes and breaks down **cross-team features** into smaller parts and tasks. 

**Makes long-term team goals and a roadmap to illustrate the team’s strategy**.

Defines the resources necessary for the team to solve issues including outsourcing and hiring new members, thereby balancing the results and the costs to achieve the team’s goals.
