# L6
###### Mercari Engineering Career Ladder

 * [Seek Continuous Improvement](#seek-continuous-improvement)
 * [Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early](#go-bold-fail-fast--learn-early)
 * [Take Action & Responsibility](#take-action--responsibility)
 * [Focus on the Customer](#focus-on-the-customer)
 * [Strive for Alignment](#strive-for-alignment)
 * [Foster Trust & Inclusion](#foster-trust--inclusion)
 * [Deliver with High Quality](#deliver-with-high-quality)
 * [Share to Empower](#share-to-empower)
 * [Be Strategic & Efficient](#be-strategic--efficient)

## Seek Continuous Improvement
Investigates, discusses, and frequently thinks about ways to improve the **Mercari Group** and **serves as the key person involved** in implementing these improvements; **some examples include revamping a specific engineering domain like machine learning or acquiring expert-level skills in a technical area.**

Learns new things relevant to their role, including, but not limited to, **expert-level domain skills and cutting-edge research**, as well as communication skills, project management skills, and product development skills.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Learns **executive-level management** skills, such as **long-term vision setting**, strategic planning, long-term goal setting, management of managers, and coaching. 

Ensures that self-improvement is part of the **company's culture**.


## Go Bold, Fail Fast & Learn Early
**Identifies trends in the industry** that can be transformed into new products or features and takes a proactive approach towards making this happen.

Has first-hand, empirical experience, **enabling division-wide decisions when dealing with uncertain situations.**

Delivers timely proofs of concept (POC) for **product-wide** features, coordinating with different stakeholders.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

**Shows strong leadership to inspire engineers both inside and outside the company to challenge themselves**

Knows the company's capabilities and sets challenging **company** goals that will be acknowledged outside of the company as well.

Manages risks, challenges, and results **to accelerate organizational performance**.


## Take Action & Responsibility
Takes responsibility to assess risks associated with technical solutions. **Acts as a security reference in their domain of expertise**.

Transforms rough project ideas into finished results by planning, dividing them into tasks, incorporating all the relevant stakeholders, and taking action.

Creates and applies the organization's best security practices.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

**Coordinates with the engineering leadership to roll out big initiatives.**

Takes responsibility for **company-wide incidents** and is able to coordinate with stakeholders to solve issues.

## Focus on the Customer

**Fully comprehends product-side business strategies; Is capable of explaining said strategies; identifies and analyzes potential competitors; actively makes decisions and adjusts projects based on those findings.**

**Understands market trends as well as new technical developments and is able to map them into company and product strategies.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Knows the business impact of the product's features **across the Mercari Group** and continuously shares information with PMs.

Has expertise on the **group-wide** customer perspective, **builds a culture to encourage** members to understand it, and helps PMs to design new features.


## Strive for Alignment
Explains their ideas and opinions to both engineers and other company members clearly and respectfully.

Finds solutions which satisfy the concerns of stakeholders across the company.

Achieves consensus **throughout the company** regarding organizational strategies.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Creates and communicates **group-wide strategies**.

**Seeks and adopts ideas based on feedback from all members of the company**.


## Foster Trust & Inclusion
Acts as a role model for delivering praise and constructive feedback.

Actively seeks feedback from **across Mercari group and from business stakeholders**, using it as a tool for growth.

**Is a role model in facilitating discussions**, encourages everyone, including quiet participants, to share their opinion, and actively listens. Ensures no one dominates the conversation.

Works to build and improve relationships with anyone **across the Mercari group** who is related to their team.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Creates an environment of psychological safety **across the division** by encouraging others to voice opinions and ensuring failure analysis is focused on the process and not on individuals.

Values different opinions and diverse ideas, highlighting the best and encouraging everyone **across the division** to take ownership of their work.

Promotes diversity **within the company**.


## Deliver with High Quality
Has expertise in **the whole platform’s architecture** and a deep understanding of all domains and how these domains interact with each other; **can guide others on how to switch between domains and work productively.**

Works **across the whole organization** to foster a culture of architecture allowing for iterative, autonomous development and future scaling.

**Is a recognized expert** in the programming languages, frameworks, libraries, and tools of their platform.

Is a role model for how to write testable and readable code, keeping edge cases and errors in mind; has vast knowledge of coding guidelines and standards for their platform; and consistently works to make improvements for the whole platform.

Sets the coding guidelines and standards for systematic debugging **for Mercari Group’s whole platform and acts as an advisor** on how to solve complex issues and perform difficult releases.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

**Works across the Mercari Group to deliver high-quality products.**

**Is a recognized expert** in quality management and release management.


## Share to Empower
Fosters a culture of documentation, knowledge, and information-sharing **within the Mercari Group**, as well as actively demonstrates these behaviors.

Shares post-mortem information **across the Mercari Group** after an incident and makes sure that everyone understands the impact and how to prevent the incident from reoccurring.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Creates and shares the **division-wide OKRs with other leaders.** Provides the necessary support for EMs to create and achieve their own OKRs.

Promotes and coaches new mentors **across the organization**.

Supports **other leaders** in their career growth by creating both an environment which facilities growth and specific situations where they can develop the skills to achieve their career goals.


## Be Strategic & Efficient
Sets guidelines on when to reuse existing resources present in the codebase, team, or industry.

Helps others to make steady progress on tasks and helps eliminate any blockers.

**Is a recognized expert** of the domain and its related technologies; creates guidelines and a one-year roadmap for the technical direction of the whole domain.

Knows when and how to spend time on tasks like performance optimizations and memory management.

Proposes solutions backed by data or well-known credible evidence; seeks data-backed evidence through proofs of concept (POC), tests, and external research.

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Identifies and utilizes the best metrics (time/cost/effort) to guide company-wide technical decisions, bringing the most value to our external customers.

Prioritizes and breaks down **company-wide** projects into smaller sub-projects and tasks. 

**Understands long-term group goals and the strategies and reasoning behind them; is an opinion leader for defining division-wide goals and roadmaps.**

Defines the resources necessary for a team to solve issues including outsourcing and hiring new members, thereby balancing the results and costs **across the division, to achieve the division’s goals**.
